README.md, before:

# PIA-PORT-CHANGER

Enuring you never have to manually set the PIA Forwarded Port in qBittorrent ever again!

## Updates

Amended the .ahk to prompt users to identify where the qBittorrent.exe is stored because no one would store it on their OS drive right? Hehe!

Repackaged the .ahk in to a .exe with the amended user interaction.

Updated instructions for use.

### Instructions

Download the Automatic PIA Port Forward Updater.exe and store in any desired location.

Run Private Internet Access.
Connect to your server of choice.

If you can't see a port being forwarded on the PIA client, enter the client settings and opt to have a port forwarded upon connecting to a server.

Reconnect to the PIA server.
A port forwarded number should now show on the PIA Client.

Run the Automatic PIA Port Forward Updater.exe

The program will kill any running instances of qBittorrent, note the port being forwarded by PIA and then restart qBittorrent with the correct forwarded port number in the qBittorrent client settings.

### What's the advantage of using this script?

It not only removes the need for you to copy and paste the port number being forwarded from the PIA client to the qBittorrent client but it also automatically launches qBittorrent so all you have to do is ensure you are connected to a PIA server and run the script which saves you many precious mouse clicks!

### Known issues:

I am aware that a user will have to keep identifying where the qBittorrent.exe is stored on each use of the updater.
I will be seeking a method to allow the script to ask for the information once then store it for future use eliminating the need for further user input outside the initial directory confirmation.

Commit message:

feat: Path storage via reg entry.
User will define the path to qBittorrent.exe and the script will store the path information
 in a reg entry so that the script no longer asks a user to define the .exe path
 on every use of the script.

README.md, after:

# PIA-PORT-CHANGER

Enuring you never have to manually set the PIA Forwarded Port in qBittorrent ever again!

## Updates

Amended the .ahk to prompt users to identify where the qBittorrent.exe is stored because no one would store it on their OS drive right? Hehe!

Amended the .ahk to now store the path to qBittorrent.exe as a reg entry.
Once users have declared the path once, the script will no longer ask for the path again.

Repackaged the .ahk in to a .exe with the amended user interaction.

Updated instructions for use.

### Instructions

Download the Automatic PIA Port Forward Updater.exe and store in any desired location.

Run Private Internet Access.
Connect to your server of choice.

If you can't see a port being forwarded on the PIA client, enter the client settings and opt to have a port forwarded upon connecting to a server.

Reconnect to the PIA server.
A port forwarded number should now show on the PIA Client.

Run the Automatic PIA Port Forward Updater.exe

The program will kill any running instances of qBittorrent, note the port being forwarded by PIA and then restart qBittorrent with the correct forwarded port number in the qBittorrent client settings.

### What's the advantage of using this script?

It not only removes the need for you to copy and paste the port number being forwarded from the PIA client to the qBittorrent client but it also automatically launches qBittorrent so all you have to do is ensure you are connected to a PIA server and run the script which saves you many precious mouse clicks!

### Known issues (DEPRECATED)
***The most recent update has removed the issue listed below.***
I am aware that a user will have to keep identifying where the qBittorrent.exe is stored on each use of the updater.
I will be seeking a method to allow the script to ask for the information once then store it for future use eliminating the need for further user input outside the initial directory confirmation.
